21st.ai Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in What's new Check the last updates 21st century board and shareholder work is automated A simple tool to make company management more valuable. Sign up You make company management valuable We make your board and shareholder work effective and streamlined 21st enables anyone to run professional board and shareholder processes with a minimum of hassle and prior knowledge. Simplified Keep all work in one place. Templates and automation will guide you. On track Notifications, reminders, and guidance will help you stay on track. At ease Compliance starts with having control. Let 21st help you get peace of mind. Features to cover your board and shareholding needs We are trying to keep it simple, while still offering all the features you need to run a professional process adapted to your company’s needs. Yearly cycle templates Year schedules with typical topics to make it easier to plan the management work. Agenda templates We have prepared simple agenda templates adapted to the time of year to get you started quickly. Document repo Keep all your agendas and protocols in one place, and download them as pdf whenever you want. Meeting management Meetings are managed and protocols recorded in a simple interface. Meeting planner Schedule and plan meetings using built in agenda templates or upload your own agenda. Meeting invitations Invite and manage invitations to board members and shareholders. Board and shareholder management Invite and give access to you board members. Digital signature Signing of protocols are managed and done by the board members and shareholders in the tool. Don’t see the feature you are looking for? Suggest a feature Check our roadmap Pricing For now we are free No reason to not run effective company processes whether you are big or small, basic needs will be free forever Free forever Free forever No reason to wait, for simple needs we got you covered 1 company with 5 users All the basic features you need Up to 1GB of storage Download your documents whenever you want Get started Currently I am involved in various boards and unfortunately we are not using 21st in all of them. 21st is by far the most user friendly tool for board work. With 21st we can structurize our board work and the administration is easy. This way all board members are up to speed and can contribute more during the meetings. Using 21st, members of the board can focus less on hassle, and more on value creation in the board work. I am also super happy with the customer service and constant updates making the tool even more powerful. Two of the features I most value is the possibility to invite external resources (such as accountants) to get the information they need directly. The other feature is customizing different templates which makes it super easy to create agenda and board meeting invitations. Ane Nordahl Carlsen Co-Founder, CEO & Investor Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴21st.ai Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in What's new Check the last updates 21st century board and shareholder work is automated A simple tool to make company management more valuable. Sign up You make company management valuable We make your board and shareholder work effective and streamlined 21st enables anyone to run professional board and shareholder processes with a minimum of hassle and prior knowledge. Simplified Keep all work in one place. Templates and automation will guide you. On track Notifications, reminders, and guidance will help you stay on track. At ease Compliance starts with having control. Let 21st help you get peace of mind. Features to cover your board and shareholding needs We are trying to keep it simple, while still offering all the features you need to run a professional process adapted to your company’s needs. Yearly cycle templates Year schedules with typical topics to make it easier to plan the management work. Agenda templates We have prepared simple agenda templates adapted to the time of year to get you started quickly. Document repo Keep all your agendas and protocols in one place, and download them as pdf whenever you want. Meeting management Meetings are managed and protocols recorded in a simple interface. Meeting planner Schedule and plan meetings using built in agenda templates or upload your own agenda. Meeting invitations Invite and manage invitations to board members and shareholders. Board and shareholder management Invite and give access to you board members. Digital signature Signing of protocols are managed and done by the board members and shareholders in the tool. Don’t see the feature you are looking for? Suggest a feature Check our roadmap Pricing For now we are free No reason to not run effective company processes whether you are big or small, basic needs will be free forever Free forever Free forever No reason to wait, for simple needs we got you covered 1 company with 5 users All the basic features you need Up to 1GB of storage Download your documents whenever you want Get started Currently I am involved in various boards and unfortunately we are not using 21st in all of them. 21st is by far the most user friendly tool for board work. With 21st we can structurize our board work and the administration is easy. This way all board members are up to speed and can contribute more during the meetings. Using 21st, members of the board can focus less on hassle, and more on value creation in the board work. I am also super happy with the customer service and constant updates making the tool even more powerful. Two of the features I most value is the possibility to invite external resources (such as accountants) to get the information they need directly. The other feature is customizing different templates which makes it super easy to create agenda and board meeting invitations. Ane Nordahl Carlsen Co-Founder, CEO & Investor Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Articles Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. Meeting management Document management General app General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Jan 27, 2023 Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴21st.ai Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in What's new Check the last updates 21st century board and shareholder work is automated A simple tool to make company management more valuable. Sign up You make company management valuable We make your board and shareholder work effective and streamlined 21st enables anyone to run professional board and shareholder processes with a minimum of hassle and prior knowledge. Simplified Keep all work in one place. Templates and automation will guide you. On track Notifications, reminders, and guidance will help you stay on track. At ease Compliance starts with having control. Let 21st help you get peace of mind. Features to cover your board and shareholding needs We are trying to keep it simple, while still offering all the features you need to run a professional process adapted to your company’s needs. Yearly cycle templates Year schedules with typical topics to make it easier to plan the management work. Agenda templates We have prepared simple agenda templates adapted to the time of year to get you started quickly. Document repo Keep all your agendas and protocols in one place, and download them as pdf whenever you want. Meeting management Meetings are managed and protocols recorded in a simple interface. Meeting planner Schedule and plan meetings using built in agenda templates or upload your own agenda. Meeting invitations Invite and manage invitations to board members and shareholders. Board and shareholder management Invite and give access to you board members. Digital signature Signing of protocols are managed and done by the board members and shareholders in the tool. Don’t see the feature you are looking for? Suggest a feature Check our roadmap Pricing For now we are free No reason to not run effective company processes whether you are big or small, basic needs will be free forever Free forever Free forever No reason to wait, for simple needs we got you covered 1 company with 5 users All the basic features you need Up to 1GB of storage Download your documents whenever you want Get started Currently I am involved in various boards and unfortunately we are not using 21st in all of them. 21st is by far the most user friendly tool for board work. With 21st we can structurize our board work and the administration is easy. This way all board members are up to speed and can contribute more during the meetings. Using 21st, members of the board can focus less on hassle, and more on value creation in the board work. I am also super happy with the customer service and constant updates making the tool even more powerful. Two of the features I most value is the possibility to invite external resources (such as accountants) to get the information they need directly. The other feature is customizing different templates which makes it super easy to create agenda and board meeting invitations. Ane Nordahl Carlsen Co-Founder, CEO & Investor Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. 21st was launched in 2018 as a simple single-purpose tool for board meetings. The team behind the app has been using it faithfully ever since and gradually gaining motivation to expand the vision substantially. We have decided to embark on a journey to make company governance more valuable in general, but cautiously step by step. Board work is one crucial part of company governance, but it is interconnected with many other processes and decision forums. Therefore, we are extending the app to support shareholder work as well as general company management work. To lay the grounds for this ambitious mission, we needed to do a complete overhaul under the hood, on the backend side of the application. So much of the work still needs to be visible to the end users, but we also did some essential first steps on the UX side while we were at it. The app is now fully mobile-first, ready to support on-the-move board work. As part of the UX overhaul, we have also improved each step to set up and execute as successful, friction-free, and compliant board meetings as possible. You manage the board members' membership in the app, and based on that and using the meeting module, you can plan, schedule, and execute meetings in an easy end-to-end flow and get the protocol signed and filed quickly. The rebuilding process resulted in an entirely headless solution that enables machine-to-machine control of all 21st features for powerful integrations with other essential business systems, but as mentioned above also major improvement in the user interface of the app. The first contact of the user with the application is the dashboard view. This essential of the application has been visually refreshed and enriched with new widgets. In the latest version of the dashboard, in addition to the well-known yearly admin wheel, we will also find basic information about the company, a reminder of upcoming meetings, and a list of board members and shareholders. Company stakeholder register Keeping up-to-date information about all relevant stakeholder persons and companies in one place is a feature the 21st must-have. In the 'Team' tab, there is a list of company management team members along with their functions and contact details. Managing team members is easy - the edit window opens after clicking on the avatar or name of a given team member. In turn, in the 'Shareholders' tab, you will find a clear list of people and companies that are shareholders of your company. There is also information about the persons representing the shareholder at the shareholders' meeting when the shareholder is a company. This view also shows information about shares and votes at the disposal of a given shareholder. You can find more about the shareholders' module in the article on this subject here Meeting module However, the program's key feature was and still is the meeting module. In its current version, it handles meetings of two of the company stakeholder groups - i.e., both board and shareholders' meetings. This module supports users in organizing and conducting meetings at every stage of work - from planning and sending invitations to accepting and signing the meeting minutes. This support is implemented through various functionalities. Let's summarize it succinctly in order of use when conducting meetings. Planning Setting up a new meeting starts with selecting from the list the meeting you want to schedule - choosing between a shareholders' meeting or a board meeting. After making this selection, you will see all the necessary information on one screen. In addition to the obvious things, such as the date and place of the meeting (as well as the option to add a link to the online meeting), the agenda section is obviously a main part of planning meetings. This is the place for the essential functionality of the 21st app, i.e., meeting agenda templates. These are powerful for the user because, on the one hand, they speed up the process of setting up a meeting. On the other - they significantly reduce the risk of missing some vital point of the agenda. Existing templates cover the most common situations in business organizations, but they are not set in stone. In cases where there is a need for a specific agenda, it is enough to modify the selected template, which is easy to do. In the same view, you also have the option to attach documents to the meeting. The course of the meeting Also, conducting a meeting with all formal requirements is easy, thanks to the 21st. At every stage, the application supports the user by reducing hassle to a minimum and, at the same time, ensuring that all formalities required by law are completed. 21st helps from the first step - that is, checking and recording the presence of all invitees. In shareholders' meetings, the application enables easy and quick selection of the meeting leader and additional signer. Also, the issues related to the creation of the minutes of the meeting are simplified. The meeting leader has a template created based on the meeting agenda. The only thing that needs to be done is to supplement the content with any notes or change the protocol text for individual cases - unless, of course, the content proposed by the 21st app is already covering the needs. After the meeting The formal requirement imposed both on meetings of the management board and shareholders' meetings is - of course - the acceptance of the content of the minutes by all those obliged to do so. This document is sent automatically after clicking the appropriate button. The notification about the need to accept the content of the protocol comes to the e-mail box of those interested, and the signing itself is done by confirming the identity by logging in to the application again. As you can see, the mission of the 21st team is to make company governance more valuable and reduce administrative hassle - and the whole team takes this mission deadly seriously. The 21st app is only at the beginning of the road, so you can expect a constant evolution of our solution towards an easy-to-use and convenient tool that makes your board and shareholder work, and eventually step-by-step all company management processes most effective and streamlined and valuable meetings. Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Jan 27, 2023 Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴21st.ai Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in What's new Check the last updates 21st century board and shareholder work is automated A simple tool to make company management more valuable. Sign up You make company management valuable We make your board and shareholder work effective and streamlined 21st enables anyone to run professional board and shareholder processes with a minimum of hassle and prior knowledge. Simplified Keep all work in one place. Templates and automation will guide you. On track Notifications, reminders, and guidance will help you stay on track. At ease Compliance starts with having control. Let 21st help you get peace of mind. Features to cover your board and shareholding needs We are trying to keep it simple, while still offering all the features you need to run a professional process adapted to your company’s needs. Yearly cycle templates Year schedules with typical topics to make it easier to plan the management work. Agenda templates We have prepared simple agenda templates adapted to the time of year to get you started quickly. Document repo Keep all your agendas and protocols in one place, and download them as pdf whenever you want. Meeting management Meetings are managed and protocols recorded in a simple interface. Meeting planner Schedule and plan meetings using built in agenda templates or upload your own agenda. Meeting invitations Invite and manage invitations to board members and shareholders. Board and shareholder management Invite and give access to you board members. Digital signature Signing of protocols are managed and done by the board members and shareholders in the tool. Don’t see the feature you are looking for? Suggest a feature Check our roadmap Pricing For now we are free No reason to not run effective company processes whether you are big or small, basic needs will be free forever Free forever Free forever No reason to wait, for simple needs we got you covered 1 company with 5 users All the basic features you need Up to 1GB of storage Download your documents whenever you want Get started Currently I am involved in various boards and unfortunately we are not using 21st in all of them. 21st is by far the most user friendly tool for board work. With 21st we can structurize our board work and the administration is easy. This way all board members are up to speed and can contribute more during the meetings. Using 21st, members of the board can focus less on hassle, and more on value creation in the board work. I am also super happy with the customer service and constant updates making the tool even more powerful. Two of the features I most value is the possibility to invite external resources (such as accountants) to get the information they need directly. The other feature is customizing different templates which makes it super easy to create agenda and board meeting invitations. Ane Nordahl Carlsen Co-Founder, CEO & Investor Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Meeting management Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. Meeting management Document management General app Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴21st You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Document management Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. Meeting management Document management General app Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Appifying valuable company governance Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Company management is a multidisciplinary and interconnected practice; valuable company governance is about managing this well. 21st started as a well-done board app, but we now have bigger and broader ambitions. That's why we are now transforming the 21st app into an "app of apps" where the user can turn on modules based on the needs and maturity of their operation. In this modular app, the 21st board app is just one of several modules or apps that will be launched on top of the 21st base functionality. We believe this "NOT one size fits all" approach will support our users to do more valuable corporate governance with minimal clutter and confusion. The base functionality, or app if you want, is the stakeholder graph where each company's managers can map and keep up to date all the people and other companies that play some role with the company. This is the foundation for access management and delegation of accountability and responsibility for processes and decisions. The following apps we launched on the 21st platform are the revamped board app and the brand-new general assembly and shareholders app. Each of these apps with be continuously improved and expanded over time in collaboration with our users. Some of these developments will result in new apps catering to more advanced and special needs. Our approach is to deliver new and more value to our existing users for every development initiative we do. Our vision is that over time 21st will be able to support with technology the whole 360 degrees interconnected company governance process and let humans spend more time making well-grounded decisions and less on manual work. Pieces of the puzzle What are the features of the foundation app which we mentioned earlier? At the moment, this element of the application consists of two pillars. The first is the register of management team members. These are the people sitting in management board and everyone who supports their work, even if they only have an advisory voice. Therefore, it is also a place for observers, experts, and other specialists who can be helpful in the company management process. The register is transparent and allows you to get all the necessary information at a glance. Its operation is also effortless. Neither adding new entries nor editing existing entries requires translation, as the UI guides the user by hand during these operations. The second fundamental register is the list of shareholders. In one view, you can see the data of all holders of the company's shares (in the case of an institutional shareholder, also the data of the person representing it). But, of course, what is most important - the number of shares and votes attributable to each shareholder - is also clearly visible in terms of absolute numbers and percentages. Similarly, as in the case of management team members, adding and editing list items is so simple that it does not require further description. An essential feature of the shareholders' view is the preview of the company's cap table with the option of editing it. In this way, all enterprise ownership settings are available in one context. The Board and Shareholders' apps The board app, in turn, is a component responsible for organizing board meetings. 21st offers a very straightforward, end-to-end flow. From the very beginning of the process, the application supports users. In the beginning, through a convenient tool for planning where and when the meeting will take place, appointing the secretary of the meeting, and uploading the necessary documents. Later, through a series of meeting agenda templates covering the vast majority of typical situations, up to control and edit the list of invitees (by default, an invitation to a board meeting is sent to all people from the 'Team' tab). The meeting secretary also has helpful application functionalities at their disposal during the meeting. 21st allows you to check and record the presence of invited persons in the meeting minutes and edit individual points of the minutes created automatically on the basis of the agenda. It is also possible to add notes to this document. After the meeting, the minutes drawn up during the meeting should be signed by the participants of the meeting. On the 21st, one click is all it takes to send a document. Participants can read its content and then accept (or reject) it after confirming their identity in the application. The whole process is intuitive and straightforward to carry out. The general assembly and shareholders app work on a similar principle. The difference lies in the agenda templates tailored to the specific needs of stakeholder meetings. Compared to the board meeting app, the change is also the built-in mechanism for selecting a meeting leader and additional signer following the rules applicable to this type of meeting. Generally, however, the shareholder's meetings module works similarly to board meetings - in other words, convening a meeting and conducting and recording it in accordance with legal requirements is easy and intuitive. Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Jobs Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Are we the community you are looking for? Our Polish-Norwegian team is creating state-of-the-art admin tech solutions for the Scandinavian market. We are making the 21st App - a solution supporting modern decision-making processes in companies. We build our own product, so we don't have to worry about the changing requirements of the customers We are using the latest technologies and world-class quality standards We REALLY like to laugh Sounds good? Then we may have something nice for you. Who are we looking for? As a Fullstack JavaScript Developer , you will work closely with your product development. We are looking for product-oriented people who understand that technology is only exciting when it solves real problems. Our Tech Stack Front-end: ReactJS, TypeScript, MobX, Tailwind Back-end: Nest.js, PostgreSQL, GraphQL Ops: Github, Docker, Kubernetes, Google Cloud Platform, AWS E2E tests: Cypress Required Skills 4+ years experience in developing front-end applications rock solid knowledge of the core front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript familiarity with the back-end technologies and concepts expert-level knowledge of JavaScript in the TypeScript flavor excellent coding, designing, debugging, testing, and problem-solving skills experience building web applications using REST services must have experience developing complex, semi-thick client-side web applications a solid understanding of the following concepts: modular development, functional programming, DRY, closures thorough knowledge of how client applications communicate over HTTP with distributed web services Nice-to-have skills and experience decent theoretical knowledge of the ops stuff: containers, scaling services, databases, clusters ability to create robust web applications from visual concepts, wireframes, and interactive product design sessions experience in Agile development and open source projects is preferred a quick learner with excellent communication skills ( English and Polish ) Benefits Working with an international team Fine office in the center of Białystok ( sienkiewicza.space ) with a ton of space Home office whenever you need A trust, honesty, and efficiency culture. We firmly believe in GSD (getting stuff done) with transparency and honesty Salary Competitive salary package: 8 500 - 12 000 PLN (monthly gross salary, Contract of Employment). Possibility for other cooperation forms as well. Contract of Employment is the default here 🙂 Salary depends on your skills and experience; we are open to hearing your offer. Apply here Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Swagger UIGeneral app Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. Meeting management Document management General app General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Terms and conditions Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Terms & Conditions 1. Introduction 1.1 Who we are 21st Company AS provides a platform of various digital services relating to company management. The services are owned by 21st Company AS (hereinafter “21st”, “we” or “us”), a private limited company registered in Norway, with organization number 920 713 378. To contact us, please email info@21st.ai 1.2 When these terms apply These Terms & Conditions (“Terms”) apply when you (hereinafter “You” or “User”) create an account to use any features, services, products or tools (together, the “Services”) offered on our platform at info@21st.ai (the “21st Platform”). To use our Services, including the 21st Platform, Users must agree to these Terms so please read them carefully. By using our Services, including our Platform, You agree that You have read, understood and accepted these Terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . If You do not agree with these Terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, then You are expressly prohibited from using our Services, including the 21st Platform and You must discontinue such use immediately. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who use our Services through your internet connection or otherwise through access given by You, are aware of these Terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, and that they comply with them. You are granted a limited license to access and use the Services offered by us, including the 21st Platform, only upon your acceptance and respectful adherence to these Terms. 1.3 Terms subject to change We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms at any time. We will make available to you any changes made to these Terms by updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms, and you hereby waive any right to receive specific written notice of each such change, unless there has been made some material changes in these Terms. You will receive written notice of any changes that materially affects your use of our Services, including the 21st Platform. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of, and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms, in the following cases: (i) after your receipt of notice (of any material changes), and if no objection is made by you within 30 days after your receipt of the notice of the material changes, and / or (ii) your continued use of our Services, including the 21st Platform after the date such revised Terms are posted (concerning minor changes), to the extent permitted by applicable law. In both cases mentioned above: (i) and (ii), you will be bound by the new / updated Terms, upon your continued use of our Services, including the 21st Platform. These Terms were last updated on 1st March 2023. 2. Data Protection 2.1 Your data (user content) Users owns and retains all right, title, and interest in and to the user content and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. 21st acknowledges that it neither owns nor acquires any additional rights in or to the user content and that User only grants to 21st a non-exclusive, non-transferable right and license to use, display, perform, reproduce, and modify the user content, solely as necessary to provide the Services to User and, provided that such information does not identify and is not specific to User, to expand 21st database of generic and generally available information. Users shall have the sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of all user content. Users shall notify 21st about any changes in the user content and/or technical specifications (e.g. API) that impacts the use of the user content in the 21st Platform. 2.2 Account Creation If You create an account on the 21st Platform, You are responsible for all activities that occur under your User ID. You agree to: (i) log out from your account at the end of each session; and (ii) immediately notify us at info@21st.ai of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. You are responsible for all content that you transmit or otherwise make available to our site and 21st Platform. Your access to, and use of the 21st Platform may be monitored, including but not limited to, for the purpose of identifying illegal or unauthorized activities. All personally identifiable information collected from, or in connection with your use of our Services, including your use of the 21st Platform is governed by our Privacy Policy. 2.3 Data collection Subject to the confidentiality obligations created under these Terms (see below), You agree that we have the right to collect and analyze specific data points and other information gained from your company profile, settings and including but not limited to interactions with our team on our chat support. For more information about your data please view our Privacy Policy. 2.4 Granting ourselves access for customer support purposes Occasionally You may contact us for customer support. It may be necessary for our team to access your company’s profile page for the purpose of assistance, to enable our team to see what You are having an issue with or for our team to inspect a document You have referred to. This will only happen with your implied consent to do so, such as during an active conversation between yourself and a team member on email. 2.5 Providing platform feedback If you give us feedback on the 21st Platform, for example recommendations for improvements or features, such feedback will be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary and implementation of that feedback is owned by us and may become part of the Services or the 21st Platform without compensation to You. We reserve all rights in and to the 21st Platform unless we expressly state otherwise. 3. No Legal, Tax or Financial Advice The 21st Platform and related Services constitute an online portal that provides information and access to a mix of industry standard, open-source, third party and proprietary documents, guides, templated forms, analytics and data, team administration and networking functionality, and features to assist with the completion of tasks relating to company management and team administration. As you navigate through our Services and build documents on the 21st Platform You will be guided by our guide that help You choose the required data and in some instances, whether to include or not include a particular term. These guiding inputs have been created to help You understand different terms and to assist with efficient company management. Whilst sourced from experts and reflecting industry best practice, they are provided for general information only. They are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. If at any point you are still uncertain about your selection, you should obtain professional or specialist advice before taking or refraining from any action on the basis of those hints. Likewise, as You navigate the 21st Platform and use our Services You can communicate with our team. From time to time You will have certain questions You would like to take some advice on. You may submit your questions to our customer support team. We will try to provide You with an informed response based on our experience or direct You to a relevant resource. However, at no point does this advice qualify as legal, tax or financial advice. If You remain uncertain You must verify the information that we provide with a qualified professional such as a qualified and regulated legal professional in your jurisdiction. If you do not know of a qualified and regulated person or firm, we can suggest to you a number of partner firms and professionals we know in your jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, by using the 21st Platform and our Services, You agree that: You are solely responsible for the appropriate interactions and selections within any Site and/or documents; The instructions and tutorials provided by us are created for a wide audience and may not suit your individual company’s needs; The documents available via the 21st Platform may not fit your specific circumstances. You should make your own judgment on the suitability of any such materials to your circumstances, or obtain your own legal advice to review such materials before using them; We are not providing legal, financial, tax or any other advice. The 21st Platform, Site or our e-mail support should not be used as a substitute for advice from qualified legal, tax or accounting professionals relevant to the jurisdiction in which You or your company are operating; and We exclude all legal responsibility and costs for reliance placed by anyone on the 21st Platform, our Services or information gained from our support, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the 21st Platform, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether expressed or implied, that the content on our 21st Platform is accurate, complete or up to date. 4. Modifications to our standard user interfaces and documents You may want to include custom user interfaces on our Sites, and/or a custom term(s) into a document that is not available on our 21st Platform, under the applicable subscription agreement. We may, however, at our discretion, provide a bespoke service to include the user interfaces you request and/or the wording You request to achieve the custom user interfaces and/or term(s) You desire, if agreed by us in writing. In the event this happens You must understand we are not assuming any of the legal risk for the inclusion of such requests and should there be any doubt over the validity or merits of the term You should seek professional legal advice. 5. Confidential information Your relationship with us is not legally privileged in the way it would be if You were working with a regulated legal professional. Nevertheless, in the course of assisting You with one of our Services, both, 21st and You, understand that the other party may disclose business, technical, financial or other confidential, sensitive or proprietary information relating to their business (“ Confidential Information ”). Confidential Information includes: non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Service, non-public information data provided by You to us to enable the provision of our Services (e.g company data, employee data, customer data, business plans, financials, pitch decks, investor interest information etc), and any other information that, based on the circumstances under which it was disclosed, a reasonable person would believe to be confidential. Both, 21st and You agree: to take reasonable precautions to protect such Confidential Information; and not to use (except in the performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Confidential Information. The foregoing provisions will not apply with respect to any information that 21st or You can prove: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public; (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the other party; (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party; (d) was independently developed without use of any Confidential Information owned by the other party; or (e) is required to be disclosed by law 6. Proprietary Rights We own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services and the 21st Platform, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto, (b) any software, applications, inventions or other technology developed in connection with our Services, support or the 21st Platform, and (c) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing, including but not limited to all text, published material, document creation “flow”, sound, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, artwork and computer code, including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, and “look and feel” of the 21st Platform and any related Services. Those rights are protected by copyright laws and treaties. All such rights are reserved. You will own all right, title and interest in and to your personal data and Confidential Information. No rights or licenses are granted except as expressly set forth herein. 7. Open Source Software You acknowledge and agree that certain parts and items of our Services are subject to “open source” or “free software” licenses (“OSS”) and that such OSS is owned by third parties and subject to certain license requirements in the relevant OSS license. 8. Payment of Fees 8.1 General payment information You will pay us the fees together with any VAT described for each Service you subscribe for or purchase in accordance with these Terms (the “ Fees ”). ​​All prices are in NOK, including VAT. We reserve the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the service term or by prior notice to you, which may be sent by email. All Fees are adjusted at a minimum, annually, in accordance with the changes in Statistics Norway's Consumer Price Index. For subscriptions or purchases made directly on the 21st Platform (if any), payment is due on the terms applicable to that subscription or purchase as displayed at the point of purchase. Once purchased, You will have limited access to that product, as expressly described and granted in these Terms and/or as further described or displayed at the point of your purchase, for so long as You have a valid subscription to the relevant subscription package that the product relates to. Whether You use one or several of the features included in the product, you are nevertheless liable to pay us the Fees in full for that product, for the full duration of the applicable subscription package. Furthermore, the User (nor the User’s employer or company) is not entitled to a refund of part of a prepaid subscription fee in the event of early termination. This means that if the User (or the User’s employer or company) wishes to terminate a subscription period before the end of an active agreement period, the User (nor the User’s employer or company) will not be entitled to be reimbursed a proportionate share of a pre-paid amount, but the User will continue to have access to the applicable product for the duration of the applicable subscription period. In case of late payment, late payment interest in accordance with the applicable law in the country of the place of business of 21st shall accrue from, but not including the due date to the actual payment date. 8.2 Additional fees If your use of the Services requires the payment of additional fees, You agree to pay the additional fees in the manner provided herein. 8.3 Incorrect bills If You believe that we have billed You incorrectly You must contact us no later than 10 days after the invoice in which the error or problem appeared. Inquiries should be directed to our customer support department using our e-mail support. 9. Term and Termination 9.1 Term of agreement These Terms shall remain in full force and effect for the duration of the Service Term specified in the plan you signed up for. The Service Term will automatically be renewed for the same period unless you terminate it according to clause 9.2. below. 9.2 Termination rights Either party may terminate the agreement under these Terms upon thirty (30) days’ notice before the expiration of the Service Term. For any material breaches of these Terms, we may terminate our agreement with you with immediate effect. You will pay in full for the Services that You contracted for. Upon termination or expiration of the agreement for any reason (a) all rights and obligations of both parties, including all licenses granted hereunder, shall immediately terminate; (b) each party shall return or delete all Confidential Information; and (c) 21st shall discontinue all use of user content. Some of the terms in our agreement will continue to be enforceable, even after termination including: confidentiality obligations, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. 10. Representations & Warranties 10.1 Authority By entering into an agreement under these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, You represent that You have the appropriate authority to bind such entity or any other applicable party to these Terms. In which case the terms “you”, “your” and “user” shall refer to such entity and any other applicable party . If You do not have such authority, or if You do not agree with the Terms, You must not accept any agreement under these Terms and may not use the 21st Platform or our Services. 10.2 Appropriate use You confirm that: You are over 18 years of age; all registration information You submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete, and You will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary; You are only using the 21st Platform for your own personal use or as a person with appropriate authority on behalf of a company or other legal entity; You shall use the 21st Platform in accordance with the user instructions and other policies and guidelines provided by 21st to, among other things, limit the risk of damage or unauthorized access to the 21st Platform; user content hosted by 21st as part of the Services shall not (a) infringe any copyright, trademark, or patent; (b) misappropriate any trade secret; (c) be deceptive, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or unlawful; (d) contain any viruses, worms or other malicious computer programming codes intended to damage 21st’s system or data; or (e) otherwise violate the rights of a third party; You comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and any applicable court orders; and You adhere to all our published policies then in effect. Should You not be able to confirm the above You must stop using the 21st Platform and our Services immediately. 10.3 Prohibited Use You warrant that you will not, directly or indirectly: reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas, know-how or algorithms relevant to the Services or any software, documentation or data related to the Services (“Software”); modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any Software (except to the extent expressly permitted by us or authorized within the Services); attempt to bypass any measures of the 21st Platform designed to prevent or restrict access to the 21st Platform, or any portion of the 21st Platform. interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the 21st Platform or the networks or Services connected to the 21st Platform. attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user. introduce or permit the introduction of any virus into our IT systems; harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the 21st Platform or any related Services, to You; access all or any part of our 21st Platform or Services in order to build a product or service which competes with us; remove any proprietary notices or labels; or use the 21st Platform, or any Service related thereto in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations. 21st may, without notice and with immediate effect terminate, suspend, or restrict your access and use of the 21st Platform, if there is a suspected violation of these Terms, or illegal or fraudulent use of the 21st Platform. We reserve the right to: (i) monitor the 21st Platform for violations of these Terms; (ii) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms, including without limitation, reporting such User to law enforcement authorities; (iii) otherwise manage the 21st Platform in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the 21st Platform. \ 10.4 Our license to You to allow You to use our materials 21st hereby grants to User a non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license (except as expressly provided herein) to (a) access and use the Services, including the 21st Platform during the Service Term solely for the purpose of enabling various digital services relating to company management, and (b) any lawful use in compliance with new development of features, functionalities as updated to the Services, including as updated to the 21st Platform, from time to time. Users acknowledge and agree that the 21st Platform or other Services provided by 21st will not be used in violation of the terms for “Prohibited Use” in these Terms. Except as expressly set forth herein, no express or implied license or right of any kind is granted to Users regarding 21st’s Proprietary Rights. 10.5 Indemnity You hereby agree to indemnify and hold us harmless against any damages, losses, liabilities, settlements and expenses (including without limitation costs and attorneys’ fees) arising out of any third-party claim, suit or other legal action against 21st relating to (i) any uploaded user content to our Services or the 21st Platform that breaches any IP laws or similar, or (ii) 21st’s damage or loss suffered as a result of User’s breach of these Terms. 11. Disclaimers & Limitation of Liability 11.1 Limitation of liability We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to You where it would be unlawful to do so. Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude either party’s liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will we or our consultants, directors, employees, suppliers or agent be liable to You or any third party for any direct, indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, or punitive damages, including lost profit, lost revenue, loss of data, or other damages arising from your use of the 21st Platform and our Services in breach with these Terms, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. 11.2 Cannot guarantee uninterrupted service The User acknowledge that a complex software is never wholly free from errors, and 21st gives no warranty or representation that the 21st Platform will be wholly free from errors, and 21st has no warranty obligation for problems on the 21st Platform caused by third party software or hardware, by accidental damage or by other matters beyond 21st’s control. Whilst we do not guarantee that our 21st Platform or any Services available through it will always be available or be uninterrupted or error free, we will use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry standards to maintain the 21st Platform in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the 21st Platform and our Services. We will perform platform updates in a professional and workmanlike manner. The 21st Platform may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance or because of other causes beyond our reasonable control, but we will use reasonable efforts to communicate this via our communication channels or on our Site, and we will aim to provide (where possible) an estimated time by which the 21st Platform and Site will resume their normal service. 11.3 Cannot guarantee delivery of emails The responsibility of 21st may include the sending and within reasonable efforts the delivery of emails to You. In the case that email filters, spam filters or other technical or organizational measures hinder or restrict the delivery, 21st cannot be held responsible. 11.4 Disclaimer of warranties The 21st Platform and related Services is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. You agree that your use of the 21st Platform and any related Services will be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law (special reference is made to Directive (EU) 2019/770 Article 7, 8 and 9 (only applicable for consumers)), we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with your use of the 21st Platform and related Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these Terms will limit any consumer protection rights that a User may be entitled to under the mandatory laws in the country of the place of business of 21st. We will assume no liability or responsibility for any (i) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to, and use of the 21st Platform (including any related Services), in breach with these Terms, and/or any (ii) damage or loss of user generated data resulting from unauthorized access or any actions in breach with these Terms. 12. Force Majeure Any delay in the performance of any duties or obligations of either party (except the payment of money owed) will not be considered a breach of the provisions/clauses in these Terms if such delay is caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, fire, earthquake, flood, acts of God, or any other event beyond the control of such party, provided that such party uses reasonable efforts, under the circumstances, to notify the other party of the cause of such delay and to resume performance as soon as possible. 13. Miscellaneous These Terms, our Privacy Policy , Cookie Policy and Data Processing Agreement constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and your personal use of the 21st Platform and related Services. Furthermore, be aware that we will enter into a data processing agreement with your company or your employer (as applicable) which sets and describes the detailed instructions in relation to the data processing activities we will carry out, as a data processor, on behalf of your company or employer, which will be the data controller. Our obligations, if any, with regard to 21st Platform and Services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided and nothing on our Site, 21st Platform or through discussions with our team should be construed to alter such agreements, unless we explicitly state we are acting or allowing You to act contrary to these Terms. You agree that any violation by you of these Terms will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and may cause irreparable harm to us, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to us obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity. The failure by us to enforce any provision in these Terms immediately will not constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce it at a later time. If any reference in these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Our agreement under these Terms is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by You except with our prior written consent. We may transfer and assign any of our rights and obligations under these Terms without consent. Our agreement under these Terms is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and all waivers and modifications must be in writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of our agreement under these Terms and You (including your company or employer) do not have any authority of any kind to bind us in any respect whatsoever. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under these Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and legal fees. All notices under these Terms will be deemed to have been duly given when received, or if transmitted by email, the day after it is sent. The parties shall try to resolve any disagreement or dispute under these Terms through negotiations. If the parties after such negotiations are not able to reach an amicable solution, our agreement under these Terms will be governed by the laws of Norway and both, 21st and You, agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Norway. Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Hassle free general assembly with 21st Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Our purpose is to make company governance hassle-free and let governing parties spend time on making good decisions and less on repetitive manual work. Since the board and the general assembly are part of the company governance, it is natural to manage both in the same context and tool. That is why we have extended 21st with a fully featured general assembly module. With 21st, you can now maintain your shareholders' registry and use the meetings module to plan, invite, execute and sign general assembly meetings in a very straightforward and simple way. You don't need to start assembling the agenda from scratch, but rather select one of the onboard templates and adjust it to your needs. By using 21st for general assembly, you get well-documented general assembly meetings and decisions with minimum manual work. The shareholders' registry The first component of in the puzzle is the shareholders' registry, which allows you to keep all information about the company shareholders in one place. After clicking on the 'Shareholders' tab, you can quickly check the list of people and companies that own shares in the company. Also, you can see who, by name and surname, will represent the shareholder at the general assembly. In this view, you also have information on how many shares and votes a given shareholder has. Editing the information in the 'Shareholders' tab is straight forward. Clicking on the name of the shareholder opens a modal where you can change both the contact details and the number of shares and votes held by a given shareholder. Notably - you can easily change the total number of shares and votes available in your company in the same view. What's more - information on whether all shares and votes are assigned to shareholders is immediately visible at the very top of the list of shareholders. This way, you can easily access all the information you need to manage your shareholders. This solution significantly reduces the effort required to obtain a complete picture of the company's ownership structure and the risk of making a mistake or entering data incorrectly. Meeting agenda templates An important benefit of managing the shareholder registry in 21st is that you can easilly organise general and extraordinary shareholder assemblies. The meeting module built into the 21st app provides an effortless way to organize such meetings. First of all - this module offers easy-to-use tools to set the date and place of the meeting and allows you to invite everyone interested automatically. Secondly, it removes the difficulties associated with constructing the correct agenda. With agenda templates covering the most common situations, you can effortlessly ensure that your stakeholder meeting goes smoothly and that all essential points are noticed. All templates are flexible and easy to modify, so if a scheduled meeting requires a specific agenda, adapting and modifying an existing template is an easy and quick solution. The advantage of 21st is also that the application provides proper documentation of meetings and decisions. Of course, this applies to the agenda, but also to other documents necessary to conduct the meeting, i.e., reports, analyses, presentations, and so on. Meeting minutes A separate topic is the meeting minutes - here, too, the meeting module has a convenient solution. The meeting leader has a protocol template generated based on the previously approved agenda. All he has to do is change the protocol text for each case on an ongoing basis - of course, only if the content proposed by 21st needs modification. The ready protocol draft is sent to all persons obliged to sign it with a simple click of a button. Acceptance of the document's content and signature is also done by clicking the button and confirming the identity in the application - it is, therefore, a quick and straightforward procedure. As you can see, the 21st app enables you to effortlessly maintain an up-to-date shareholder register and conduct shareholder meetings with minimal hassle and reduces repetitive manual work. Thanks to this, the quality of the decision-making process increases, directly translating into each company's success. Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Jan 27, 2023 Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Data processing agreement Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT 21st Company AS , org. no. 920 713 378, (" Data Processor ") And Organizations signing up as users of 21st (" Controller ") Jointly the Data Processor and Controller is referred to as “ The Parties ” 1. Background and purpose The parties have entered into an agreement with the Data Processor as Supplier and the Data Controller as Customer (the "Main Agreement") when the Controller signed up for the service and accepted the Terms & Conditions. On the basis of the Main Agreement, the Data Processor processes personal data on behalf of the Controller, as regulated in this ("Data Processor Agreement"). In the event of a conflict between the Main Agreement and the Data Processor Agreement, the Data Processor Agreement takes precedence when it comes to matters specifically related to the processing of personal data. Annexes to Data Processing Agreements describe the purpose of the processing, the duration of the processing, the nature of the processing, the types of personal data to be processed, categories of data subjects. The Data Processor Agreement must ensure that personal data is processed in accordance with the applicable requirements for the processing of personal data as set out in the personal data protection regulations, i.e. the EU's data protection requirements, the Personal Data Act and associated regulations, etc. The Data Processor shall process the personal data in the manner described in the Data Processor Agreement, as well as in another way, if this has been agreed in writing between the Data Processor and the Controller. Terms and definitions used in the Data Processor Agreement shall be understood in the same way as in the privacy regulations. 2. General duties and rights 2.1. The Data Controller's duties The Controller is responsible for ensuring that the processing of personal data is carried out in accordance with the privacy regulations. In this connection, the Controller must specifically ensure that: the processing of personal data is purposeful and based on a valid legal basis; the data subjects have received the necessary information about the processing of the personal data; The Controller has carried out sufficient risk assessments; and The Data Processor at all times has sufficient instructions and information to fulfill its duties in accordance with the Data Processor Agreement and the privacy regulations. 2.2. Access to personal data The Controller must at all times have full legal authority over the personal data. The Data Processor must, in line with the Controller's request or instructions, correct, delete or return all personal data that the Data Processor processes on behalf of the Controller in accordance with the Data Processor Agreement. This applies unless the applicable privacy regulations require the storage of the personal data. The Controller must specify guidelines for deleting personal data for the Data Processor, in an appendix to the Data Processor Agreement. 2.3. Instructions from the Data Controller The Data Processor must only process personal data based on documented instructions from the Controller, unless otherwise follows from the privacy regulations. The Data Processor must be able to document such instructions at all times. Our Privacy policy, this Data Processor Agreement, including its annexes, constitute the instructions on the date of signature. Instructions may also be given after the conclusion of the Main Agreement. The Data Processor must not process personal data that the Data Processor gains access to in any other way than is necessary to carry out the tasks that the Data Processor has for the Controller. Unless otherwise specified in the Data Processor Agreement, the Data Processor may use all relevant technical aids (incl. IT systems and software) to fulfill the obligations incumbent on the Data Processor. If the Data Processor is of the opinion that an instruction from the Controller is contrary to the privacy regulations, the Data Processor must immediately notify the Data Controller of his opinion. 2.4. Assistance to the Controller The Data Processor must assist the data controller in fulfilling its obligations under the privacy regulations. Such assistance includes, among other things, the Controller's duty to respond to requests from data subjects for access, correction, restriction of processing, deletion, and the right to be sent a copy of the personal data being processed. If the Controller receives inquiries from the data subject regarding the processing of personal data, the Data Processor must forward the inquiry as quickly as possible and, as far as possible, assist the Controller in responding to the inquiry. Such inquiries can only be answered by the Data Processor when this has been approved in writing by the Controller. Furthermore, the Data Processor shall assist the Controller in ensuring compliance with obligations relating to personal data security, assessment of privacy consequences and preliminary discussions. The duty to assist according to this point 2.4 still only applies to the extent that this is possible and appropriate in view of the nature and scope of the processing of personal data under the Main Agreement. 2.5. Documentation The Data Processor must keep a protocol (log) of the processing activities it carries out on behalf of the Controller, which must contain at least the information required under Article 30 of the Personal Data Protection Regulation . The Data Controller can at any time demand a copy of such protocol. The Data Processor shall make available to the Controller all information necessary to demonstrate that the obligations under the Data Processor Agreement and the privacy regulations have been met, as well as enable and contribute to audits, including inspections, which are carried out by the Controller or another inspector authorized by the Controller. This also includes providing access to security documentation in connection with this Data Processor Agreement. 3. Confidentiality The Data Processor has a duty of confidentiality regarding personal data to which the person concerned gains access as a result of the Data Processor Agreement and the processing of the personal data. The Data Processor must ensure that employees and others who have access to personal data are authorized to process such personal data on behalf of the Data Processor. If such authorization expires or is withdrawn, access to the personal data shall cease without undue delay. The Data Processor must ensure that persons who are authorized to process the personal data have undertaken to treat the data confidentially or are subject to a suitable statutory duty of confidentiality. This provision also applies after the termination of the Data Processor Agreement. The Data Processor must not hand over information or information that it processes on behalf of the Controller to third parties without an explicit order from the Controller. 4. Use of subcontractors (subprocessors) The Data Processor shall only use subcontractors for the processing of personal data (sub-processor) who have been approved in writing by the Controller and who have confirmed that they have implemented suitable technical and organizational measures that ensure that all processing under this Data Processor Agreement meets the requirements of the privacy regulations and the protection of the data subject's rights. Approved sub-processors at the conclusion of the Data Processor Agreement are specified in the annex to the Data Processor Agreement. In the event that the Data Processor has plans to use other sub-processors or to replace sub-processors, the Data Processor must notify the Controller of the plans, and may not use the sub-contractor without first obtaining general or specific written approval from the Controller. The Data Controller must notify the Data Processor in writing of any objection as soon as possible and at the latest within four (4) weeks from the Data Processor informing the Data Processor of a new sub-processor. If the Controller has not notified an objection within the aforementioned deadline, the new sub-data processor will be deemed to have been approved. The sub-processor shall be made aware of the Data Processor's obligations under this Data Processor Agreement and the regulations governing the processing of the Controller's personal data, and shall be subject to the same obligations with regard to the protection of personal data as stipulated in the Data Processor Agreement, where the sub-processor shall provide sufficient guarantees that it will be carried out technical and organizational measures that ensure that the processing meets legal requirements. If the sub-processor does not fulfill its obligations with regard to the protection of personal data and the requirements of the Data Processor Agreement, the Data Processor shall have full responsibility towards the Controller for the sub-processor fulfilling its obligations. The Controller also has the right, upon written request, to receive copies of the relevant terms of the Data Processor's agreement with subcontractors who are to process personal data on behalf of the Controller, with the limitations that may follow from law or regulation. In any case, purely commercial terms cannot be required to be presented. 5. Transfer outside the EU/EEA Personal data shall only be transferred to countries outside the EU/EEA (third country) if the Controller has approved such a transfer or given instructions for such a transfer and the conditions in this section 5 section three are met. Consent and instructions must cover which countries the information can be transferred to. Transfer to a third country requires, even with consent and instructions, that the requirements for security and protection of the data subject's rights that follow from the privacy regulations are met. The data processor may still transfer personal data if required in accordance with applicable law in the EU/EEA area. In such cases, the Data Processor must notify the Controller as far as this is permitted by law. Transfer to third countries or international organizations can only take place if there are necessary guarantees for a sufficient level of protection for personal data protection in accordance with the Current Data Protection Rules. Unless otherwise agreed between the parties, such a transfer can only take place on the basis of: one of the European Commission's decisions on the adequate level of protection pursuant to Article 45 of the Personal Data Protection Regulation; or a data processor agreement incorporating standard privacy provisions as set out in the GDPR Article 46 (2) (c) or (d) (EU Model clauses); or binding corporate rules (Binding Corporate Rules) in accordance with Article 47 of the Personal Data Protection Regulation. 6. Safety of the treatment The Data Processor confirms that the Data Processor will implement suitable technical and organizational measures that ensure that all processing under this Data Processor Agreement meets the requirements of the data protection regulations and protection of the data subject's rights, including fulfilling all the requirements according to Article 32 of the Data Protection Regulation . The Data Processor must be able to document routines and other measures to fulfill these requirements. The documentation must be available at the Controller's request. The Data Processor must carry out risk assessments to ensure that a suitable level of security is maintained at all times. The Data Processor must also ensure regular testing, analysis and assessment of the security measures, particularly with regard to ensuring continued confidentiality, integrity, availability and robustness of processing systems and services, as well as the ability to quickly restore the availability of personal data in the event of incidents. Security audits must be carried out regularly, and the parties must agree between themselves the times for security audits. The audit may include a review of routines, random checks, more extensive local checks and other suitable control measures. The Controller's obligation to cover any resource consumption associated with carrying out such an audit must be agreed in advance. The Data Processor must protect the personal data from destruction, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access. Taking into account the technical development and implementation costs, the nature, scope, purpose and context of the processing, in addition to the varying degree of probability and severity for natural persons' rights and freedoms, the Data Processor shall consider implementing one or more of the following technical and organizational measures : Pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data; the ability to ensure continued confidentiality, integrity, availability and robustness of the processing systems and services that process personal data; the ability to restore availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and a process for regular testing, analysis and assessment of how effective technical and organizational security measures are with regard to the security of the processing. The Data Processor must always at least maintain a level of security that is in line
with industry practice. 7. Breach of personal data security In the event of a security or privacy breach, the Data Processor must notify the Controller without undue delay and provide such assistance and information as is necessary for the Controller to be able to report the breach to the supervisory authorities in line with the privacy regulations. Notification of infringement must contain at least: Description of the nature of the breach of personal data security, including, when possible, the categories of and approximate number of data subjects affected, and the categories of and approximate number of personal data records affected, point of contact for further information, description of the likely consequences of the breach of personal data security, and description of the measures that have been taken or that are proposed to be taken to deal with the breach of personal data security, including, if relevant, measures to reduce any harmful effects as a result of the breach. If not all information can be provided in the first notification, the information must be provided successively as soon as it is available. The Controller is responsible for sending a notification to the supervisory authority, and the Data Processor shall not send such a notification or contact the supervisory authority without the Controller having given instructions to this effect. 8. Non-compliance and suspension orders In the event of a breach of this Data Processor Agreement or the privacy regulations, the Controller may order the Data Processor to stop the further processing of the information with immediate effect until the discrepancy has been rectified. The Data Processor is obliged to rectify the discrepancy within a reasonable time. If a party significantly defaults on its obligations under the Data Processor Agreement, the other party can terminate the Data Processor Agreement. The party that wishes to terminate the Data Processor Agreement must give the other party written notice stating what the breach consists of, and a 14 (fourteen) day deadline to correct the breach. If the default is not rectified within the deadline specified in the notice, the Data Processing Agreement is considered terminated at the end of the deadline. 9. Obligations in the event of termination/termination Upon termination of the Data Processor Agreement, the Data Processor shall (i) terminate all processing of personal data and (ii) at the Controller's option, return and/or delete all personal data and copies of such personal data that have been received on behalf of the Data Processor and which are covered by the Data Processor Agreement. Deletion also applies to any backup copies, but where it is sufficient to overwrite according to the established routines for backups. The obligation to delete applies to the extent that it is not required that the personal data be stored in accordance with the privacy regulations. The Controller must receive a written confirmation from the Data Processor that all personal data has been returned or deleted in accordance with the Data Processor's instructions and that the Data Processor has not kept copies, prints or other forms of personal data in any form. Regardless of the reason for the termination of the Data Processor Agreement, the Data Processor must, upon written request from the Controller, agree to postpone the termination of the Data Processor Agreement so that the Data Processor secures its data before it is returned and/or deleted. 10. Other duties and rights Other duties and rights, including the right to remuneration, follow from the Main Agreement that applies between the Data Processor and the Data Controller regarding the services that necessitate the processing of personal data and from this Data Processor Agreement. The same contact persons apply for the Data Processor Agreement as under the Main Agreement. In the event of a transfer of the Main Agreement to other parties, the Data Processor Agreement must be transferred accordingly. 11. Choice of law and venue The data processing agreement is subject to Norwegian law. Any dispute regarding the Data Processor Agreement, or arising from it, shall in the first instance be resolved by the Parties through negotiation. The Oslo District Court is the proper venue for disputes regarding the Data Processor Agreement. Entered into by The Parties when the Controller have signed up to 21st and confirmed the Terms & Conditions as presented through the 21st solution. Appendix A A.1. The purpose of the processing Personal data is processed for the following purposes according to the Data Processor Agreement: The Data Processor will process personal data on behalf of the Controller in order to deliver the services and benefits that follow from the Main Agreement. A.2. Duration of treatment The processing shall last as long as the Data Processor provides services and benefits according to the Main Agreement to the Controller. A.3. Nature of processing and types of personal data to be processed The nature of the treatment may vary. All data processing (including processing activities) that is necessary for the Data Processor to be able to deliver the services and benefits that follow from the General Agreement, and to comply with instructions from the Controller, will be carried out. This includes, but is not limited to, collection of personal data, compilation of personal data, structuring of personal data, adaptation of personal data, combination of personal data, transfer of personal data, disclosure of personal data, analysis of personal data, storage of personal data. A.4. Categories of data subjects and types of personal data to be processed under the Data Processing Agreement The controller's customers (and counterparties in the context of the case) Customers (where the customer is (i) a private person, or (ii) contact persons for business customers): First name and last name E-mail address Telephone number Address Position/role with their employer (if any) Case information / case documents Counterparties (where the counterparty is (i) a private person, or (ii) a contact person in a company): First name and last name E-mail address Telephone number Address Position/role with their employer (if any) Case information / case documents Employees of the data controller First name and last name Image(s) Email address (which constitutes the username for logging in and accessing 21st) Password for login and access to 21st Name of employer Employer's business address Job title and function, as well as role with the employer Name of the department at the employer in which the individual employee works Case information / case documents Other persons mentioned in case documents The data controller has access to The data controller's partners First name and last name E-mail address Telephone number Position/role with their employer (if any) In the event that it becomes necessary to process personal data of several categories or more personal data, in addition to the above, it will take place in accordance with instructions from the Controller, and/or because such processing is necessary to fulfill the purpose of the Agreement. A.5. Storage/deletion The personal data that is processed must be deleted according to the following guidelines: Personal data processed in accordance with this Data Processor Agreement must be deleted when either; a) the purpose of the processing of the personal data has been fulfilled, or b) The data processing agreement ceases or is terminated, cf. section 9, Appendix B B.1. Sub-processors upon entering into the Agreement At the time of entering into the Agreement and the Data Processor Agreement, the Controller has approved the use of the following sub-processors Third parties \ (sub-processors) Company address Country data is stored Purpose Google Cloud Platform Infrastructure for operating applications, including all necessary data processing in this context. Google Workspace Information access management and document processing Microsoft 365 Information access management and document processing Click Up Work flow structure, work processes and communication system Slack Communication and support system for various work flows B.1. More about general approval With the limitations that follow from the Data Processor Agreement's clauses 4 and 5, the Controller gives a general consent that the Data Processor can use standard software and software from the sub-processors mentioned above and more, in order to fulfill the Data Processor's obligations according to the Agreement. Furthermore, the Controller agrees that such processing is supported by servers in Third Countries. Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Document management Compliance starts with well documented and organised decisions A company's success depends on a combination of many factors. However, one of the main elements determining the success of business ventures is the quality of decisions made. 21st supports this process by supporting best practice, building and documenting processes, deliverables, and distribution of duties. We all know that creating a well-performing company depends on many things, but not at least on high-quality strategic steering. That is why the general assembly's appointment of a strong board and the board's appointment of a competent CEO is a cornerstone of running a successful businesses. Of course, this depends most of all on human ingenuity and competency. Still, we believe technology can support this brainpower-heavy process in a significant way. 21st is such a technology. Collaboration, learning, and effective decision-making require well-documented processes, outcomes, and division of responsibilities. Well-documented processes are also the backbone of a compliant business operation. 21st helps to become compliant. With 21st process-oriented tooling, the documentation is unified in one place in a BEFORE-DURING-AFTER main flow. 21st supports everything from the "who and when" for major decision events to assembling agendas for meetings and decision that needs to be taken and all the way to recording the outcomes and verifying these outcomes and signing them as formal protocols when needed. As part of the 21st app, access management to the documentation is managed in a compliant and effective way, where you can invite the various stakeholders to see and partake in the decision-making processes they should be part of. This is compliance in practice. The registers The unification and control of the decision-making process begins with a transparent, complete register of people and entities authorized to make decisions. In 21st, the 'Team' and 'Shareholders' tabs are responsible for this part. The first shows aggregated data about all people constituting the company's management team. This also includes data of the people who, although they cannot make decisions, provide an advisory or expert voice, thus improving the decision-making process. They are assigned the 'Observer' function. Everyone on this list automatically receives an invitation to every meeting they should partake in. In turn, in the 'Shareholders' tab - as the name suggests - you have grouped people and companies that are shareholders of your organization. A clear table shows the primary data of the shareholder (in the case of an institution, also the person who represents it), as well as the number of shares and votes he has. 21st makes sure that these numbers add up to the values entered in the company's cap table and informs about any discrepancies, to avoid that any undesirable formal errors will appear as a result of an ordinary human error. As in the case of 'Team,' entities gathered in the shareholders' tab automatically receive an invitation to the shareholders' assembly, so also here, 21st helps to avoid losing oversight. Decision-making process Also, the direct decision-making stage is supported by the 21st. This function is implemented both by proposing the agenda of the meeting (a wide selection of easily adaptable templates) and by detailed documentation of the entire process. The latter includes both the storage of documents related to a given meeting (reports, presentations, and like) and the minutes created during the meeting. In the 21st, we emphasize easy and compliant access to company documentation. To read it, you do not have to leave the context of the application - the documents are stored in one place available to interested parties. Additionally, they are grouped in the context of each meeting they apply. Naturally, this does not mean any compromises on security issues. All documents are stored on the integrated, protected cloud drive, so there is no risk of their loss or access by unauthorized persons. It is worth noting that the 21st also ensures that the formal requirements for signing the meeting minutes are met. This action is performed by everyone obliged to it within the application - so you do not have to change the context and log in to another application. This applies to both the identity verification stage and the protocol's acceptance. Access management Access management is broader than meeting documentation. Making resources available to the right people directly related to their areas of responsibility is the foundation on which 21st is built. But this is not about compulsive prohibition. The guiding principle of the 21st is to make work easier - and this also means that the user does not have to spend time figuring out which documents apply to his work and which do not. Supporting the decision-making process and improving its quality by reducing clutter and repetitive activities are fundamentals that are supported by the 21st. We solve compliance challenges in practice, giving you a set of tools to help you make good decisions effectively. Articles Here you will find documentation for the 21st functionality, a description of the program's feature, and previews of what we plan to do in the future. General app Appifying valuable company governance 21st is a solution that has been around for some time. What was originally a simple mechanism to help managing the company's board has been transformed into a tool that is the central element of the  "company's operating system. " Our concept is to build modules that the user can turn on as needed. The stakeholder graph, the board app, and the general assembly and shareholders app are currently available. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Hassle free general assembly with 21st 21st is designed to improve company management. One of its main features is the shareholders' module, which allows you to easily keep a register of shareholders and conduct hassle-free general assembly meetings. By facilitating and accelerating administrative activities, 21st improves the quality of the decision-making processes in your company. Jan 27, 2023 Meeting management Why and how we rebuild the 21st board app 21st was initially created as a simple tool to support board meetings. However, the application has undergone significant changes since then. Today, the 21st app is a modern solution that combines several functionalities - including a stakeholders registry, end-to-end support for board meetings and shareholder assemblies, documentation of these meetings, and management of related documents. Jan 27, 2023 Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴21st You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Privacy policy Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Privacy Policy 21st 1. Introduction 21st Company AS (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “21st”) offers access to and use of 21st company management technology platform, portal, software, technical interfaces and related technology (collectively the "21st Platform" ) as provided by us, for the purpose of enabling efficient company management. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect your information whenever you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) use our services. Furthermore this Privacy Policy describes what information we collect, how it is used and with whom the information is shared. “Services” include all the ways you may interact with us; through our 21st Platform, or any other interaction that includes use of our tools and products. We are responsible for all the processing and handling of personal data collected through your use of the 21st Platform or through your contact with us. This means that we are responsible for complying with the Personal Data Act in the applicable jurisdiction, The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable privacy regulations. The information that we collect, use and share includes, among others, your account registration information, other data you choose to upload to/on our Services, metadata, location data, and data about your device. Your information is stored and processed in accordance with the requirements set out in The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as further explained below. We will only keep your information as long as this is necessary in accordance with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets out the terms and conditions for processing and use of the personal information provided by you (or collected from you) when you use our Services. By using our Services, you are accepting our Terms & Conditions and the terms and practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to any users of our 21st Platform or other services related thereto. 2. Collection and Use of Your Information and Data When you use our Services, there will be certain information and data (collectively called “Data”) that you will send to us, or that we will collect from you. In the following sections below, we will set out important details regarding the collection and use of your Data. 3. Data that we collect and why Data we collect when you register an account on our 21st Platform During registration of a user account on our 21st Platform, we collect your email address and password. This is used to allow you to get a unique user ID and to let you access your account with your registered account details. Your email can also be used to reset a forgotten password, and as a method for us to contact you. This Data is processed on the basis of your consent in accordance with GDPR article 6 no 1 letter a). Data we collect when you use and interact with our 21st Platform and our Services We receive and store all Data you upload to our 21st Platform such as: Information about you : name, occupation, title/position, email address, phone number, payment details or similar. We do this to make our Services fully functional and to provide the Services you request, and this Data is only kept for as long as required. For further information, please see the clause on “Data Deletion” below. This Data is processed on the basis of your consent in accordance with GDPR article 6 no 1 letter a). Information about your use of our Services : case & client related data that you submit, upload, or otherwise make available through your use and interaction with our Services, whether manually or by automated means, during the management of a legal case. If you submit questions regarding the Service, the Privacy Policy or the Terms & Conditions, this information will be saved and used to resolve your enquiries. We collect and aggregate identifying information regarding your use of our Service, including your interaction with our Services. We collect timestamps for when certain events occur, including, but not limited to, when an account is created. In addition, we may also collect information about the device on which you are using these Services, including the type of device, the operating system you are running, certain settings on your device such as browser, language and time zone, unique device identifiers, and crash Data. We collect this information in order to provide the best possible user experience, and to improve our production tools and services. This Data is processed on the basis of your consent in accordance with GDPR article 6 no 1 letter a). Data we collect when you browse some of our web pages When browsing any of our webpages we will collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your access device to the Internet and connection information such as browser type, version, preferred languages and time zone settings. To know our audience and users better we also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. It collects and provides us Data about our visitors in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable way. This Data is processed on the basis of your consent in accordance with GDPR article 6 no 1 letter a). Cookie Policy We use cookies to better understand those who visit our 21st Platform and/or use our Services so we may offer them a more tailored service. Cookies do things like prefill form fields and let you remain logged in. Cookies are small files saved to your computer’s hard drive that track information about how you use and interact with a website. Some cookies are “session” cookies, which delete automatically when you leave our 21st Platform. Others are “persistent” cookies which do not delete themselves and track your use of our 21st Platform over time. Most cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information. The legal basis for this processing is your consent, cf. GDPR art. 6 no 1 letter a). Third party collection In order to make our Services work for the purposes intended, it is often necessary to share some of your Data with our third-party service providers. We may share your Data with our affiliates or affiliated entities that provide services or perform data processing on our behalf or for data centralization and / or logistics; with suppliers, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to perform work on our behalf and/or to enable them to provide the Services you requested; and with third parties you allow us to share information with, for example, other apps or sites that integrate with our API or our Services, or those with an API or service that we integrate with. We may also allow other entities and third party’s to use cookies and similar tracking services on our 21st Platform or other services related thereto. We may share the information we collect about you with third parties as described below or as described at the time of collection or sharing, including as follows: Third party service providers Information and Data \ that are being processed Why we use it (Purpose) Where Data is stored Google Cloud Platform All application data such as data about clients, cases and documentation, as well as logging and application user data Infrastructure for operating applications, including all necessary data processing in this context. Google hosting, in EU Google Workspace Documents and mail messages Information access management and document processing Google hosting, in EU Microsoft 365 Documents and mail messages Information access management and document processing Google hosting, in EU Click Up Support requests and onboarding processes Used to record customer requests and to manage onboarding and customer success flows AWS ClickUp hosting in US Slack Instant messages Communication and support system for various work flow AWS Slack hosting, US PowerOffice Go Client data, case data, hours and invoice data Used to record hours and to present financial data about clients and cases if the user has decided to integrate with PowerOffice GO PowerOffice Go hosting Tripletex Client data, case data, hours and invoice data Used to record hours and to present financial data about clients and cases if the user has decided to integrate with Tripletex Tripletex hosting Google Tag Manager Language, browsertype, web sessions start/stop, source of usage for each 21st page, if user is new or returning, country of usage (IP based) Used to send behavioral data to both Google Analytics and to the Amplitude Digital Optimization System Google hosting Google Analytics 4 Language, browsertype, web sessions start/stop, source of usage for each 21st page, if user is new or returning, country of usage (IP based) Used to measure how people use and interact with our service as well the effectiveness of our communication activities and advertisements. Google hosting Intercom Support request messages, name & email address, web sessions start/stop, signup/login events Used to provide efficient support and assist your success on the platform as a user. Intercom hosting in EU These third party service providers have their own privacy policies that determines how personal Data is collected and processed by the applicable third party service provider. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with such third party service providers’ privacy policies. 4. General information regarding your Data Data - Data uploaded to our 21st Platform, will be available to our personnel with the right and lawful permissions to access such Data. Personnel on our behalf, will be able to access and process the Data you upload for the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy. Your Data is not publicly available to other users and people outside of your organization, unless you or anyone in your organization shares access to your user account to other users or people. By sharing Data with other users and people, you acknowledge that it is possible for other users and people that have access to your account, to reproduce and store content externally, and without your consent. In such case, you are aware that your Data may be exploited by such users and people that have access to your user account, subject to their sole direction and responsibility. Such exploitation may include: to copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Data in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised. We reserve the right to immediately remove, with no prior warning, any Data or user generated content that violates our Terms & Conditions. Compliance - We can share your Data in response to an information request from a competent authority if we believe disclosure is required by applicable law, regulation or legal process; With police officers, government agencies or other third parties if we believe your actions are not in accordance with our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy, code of conduct or to protect the rights, property, or security of 21st or others. We will notify the users of any such disclosure as mentioned herein, if such notice (to the best of our knowledge) is not prohibited by law. 5. How we process your data 5.1. Data processing agreement In addition to this Privacy Policy, we will enter into a data processing agreement with your company or your employer (as applicable) which sets and describes the detailed instructions in relation to the data processing activities we will carry out, as a data processor, on behalf of your company or employer (as applicable), which will be the data controller. The Sub-processors we engage shall only Process Personal Data on the instructions from us and strictly in accordance with such instructions. This Privacy policy, our Data Processor Agreement with your company or your employer (as applicable), including its annexes, constitute the instructions on the date of your sign up to our 21st Platform. We may at any time have agreements with Sub-processors in other parts of the world, including in America, Asia or Europe, who will process your Data on our behalf and in accordance with the applicable data privacy law. Any transfer of Personal Data outside the EU/EEA area or to international organizations shall always take place in compliance with Chapter V in GDPR. By registering a user account on our 21st Platform or by using any of our Services you acknowledge that your Data may be transferred, stored, processed and used in the EU/EEA, and other countries (outside of the EU/EEA area) where any third party service providers are operating on our behalf. You also confirm that you are aware that the privacy and data protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in the country where you live. Where this is the case, we will take appropriate precautions to protect your personal information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, our Data processing agreement with your company or employer (as applicable), and the applicable data protection law. 5.2. Purpose for processing your Data We may not use your Data for any purposes other than those stated in this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with the instructions given by your company or employer (as applicable) in the data processing agreement. We will only store your Data for as long as necessary in order to fulfill the specific purpose for the processing. 5.3. Securing your Data A description of the information security measures implemented for the protection of your Personal Data follows below: 5.3.1. Personnel and access control Only authorized staff with signed confidential agreements can grant, modify or revoke access to an information system that uses or houses Personal Information about our customers and users. Authorized personnel will only have access to Data needed to provide and improve our Services. 5.3.2. Data protection: We always consider suitable security measures to keep your Data protected. Like hashing of passwords and encryption of Data during transit and rest. 5.3.3. Contractual Control: We enter into data processing agreements with third parties that are processing Data on our behalf. 5.3.4. Logical access Control Your Data is logically separated from other data. Our database is protected from unauthorized access using passwords and IP-address whitelisting. 5.3.5. Business Continuity We ensure that Personal Information is protected against accidental destruction or loss (availability control); by performing backups either ourselves or through some of our sub-processors like Google Cloud. 6. Communications between you and 21st Email - We may send you emails regarding your account, the 21st Platform and Service updates, and changes to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. 7. Data Deletion If you want to delete your account created on our 21st Platform, you can do so by automated means through the 21st Platform or by contacting us at info@21st.ai. . Note that your account data may still be present in database backups for up to 3 days, until those backups are deleted. With regards to analytical data, such as crash reporting, we will only retain these on our 7-party servers for as long as they are required to fulfill the purposes set out above. Please note that 21st legal obligations, e.g. statutory rules related to storage for accounting purposes, may render necessary that your Personal Data is stored after your registration with the Service is canceled. 8. Correcting and Receiving information about your Data If you discover that any information about you on our 21st Platform or in the Services we offer is incorrect or missing, please use the applicable functions to change the incorrect information on our 21st Platform. If this is not possible, or you are unable to do so, please contact us at info@21st.ai. . Subject to any laws requiring confidentiality, you have a right to receive general information about how we use your Personal Data. If you wish to receive such information, please contact us at info@21st.ai. . Furthermore, to exert your “right to erasure” (EU GDPR, Article 17) or “right to data portability” (EU GDPR, Article 20), please contact us at the email address mentioned above. 9. Children We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18 years. Anyone that provides personally identifiable information through the 21st Platform affirms that they are over 18 years of age. If you become aware of users under the age of 18 we advise that you contact us, and we will use reasonable efforts to prevent this particular under ages user of using the 21st Platform. 10. Notices and Updates We reserve the right to change or modify the Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of our 21st Platform and Services related thereto will constitute your acceptance of any revised agreements. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you. We recommend that you periodically check these agreements for changes. If you choose to use our Services, then any dispute regarding privacy matters will be subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy and our data processing agreement with your company or employer (as applicable) applies to all information that we collect about you and your account, including other Data and information that we collect when you interact with our Services. If you have any concerns about privacy at 21st, please contact us at info@21st.ai. , and we will try to resolve it. If you believe that 21st processing of your Personal Data infringes relevant data protection regulations, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, or other relevant supervisory authority. 11. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction The laws of Norway shall govern the Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy. Should you have a dispute with us, you will first contact us by sending an email to info@21st.ai. . Any disputes arising under the Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy shall be sought settled amicably. Unless an amicable solution can be obtained, the dispute shall be subject to ordinary court proceedings. The legal venue for disputes shall be Oslo District Court. Last updated: 08.03.2023. Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴Cookie policy Open menu Why 21st? Features Pricing Roadmap Articles Jobs Sign up Sign in Cookies and information capsules What is a cookie? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. Cookies help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service, for instance by storing information about your preferences and allowing us to recognise you when you return to our site. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating settings on your internet browser. However, please note that if you select such settings certain parts of our site may not work properly. The information we collect may include IP-addresses, browser version, number of visits, which pages you access and your viewing preferences. We use the following categories of cookies on our website: Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. We don’t use these cookies to gather information about you that could be used for profiling, advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the internet. Category 2: Performance Cookies These cookies collect information on how visitors use our website. For example, which pages visitors go to most often, and if you get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that directly identifies you as a visitor. The information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. Category 3: Functionality Cookies These cookies remember choices you make such as the country you visit our website from, language or the region you are in. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make the visits more tailored and pleasant. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Category 4: Targeting cookies or advertising cookies These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers. Category 5: Social Media Cookies These cookies allow you to share what you’ve been doing on the website on social media such as LinkedIn, Pinterest, Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities. Please refer to the respective social media’s privacy policies for how their cookies work. Use of Web Beacons Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons, among other things, that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web page resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any directly personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign. Consent to Cookies In order to place cookies on your device, we require your consent (except for Strictly Necessary Cookies ) . If you don’t want to receive cookies at all, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. Please note that if you continue to browse the site, you will be considered to have agreed to our use of cookies. You can withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time. If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which have been set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. You can also use your browser settings to delete cookies that have already been set. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org , which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers. However, please note that if you select such settings you may be unable to access certain parts of our site or certain content or functionality may not be available. If you’d like to opt out of other third party cookies relating to behavioural advertising, please go to www.youronlinechoices.eu. Opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns. Footer We make it easier for you to run valuable board and shareholder meetings Facebook LinkedIn About 21st Home Why 21st? Features Pricing Jobs Platform Articles Roadmap API docs Documents Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy statement DPA © 2021 21st Company AS, All rights reserved. 🇬🇧 🇳🇴